hi to all this 6th funtouch and
today we go there that note comes all
just finish the apple keynote
so I redo you the new one
product that were presented and everything
first the most expected iphone 5
gavu means about the design that had
leaked on the web we can see that it is
really very thin 4 inch screen
finally the screen retina always and hopper
and connects uefa fast and little hungry or
puce a6 for this one asks him where
new headphones that's called
canoes or these is a little the
mix life of the former MP report
on two and eight o'clock read this after
three years apple to prepare create or
we really have a lot of novelties
we also sweep at the bilson pop level
because you're hot august was
his blog again
manon and new ipod touch at
level of the ipod touch here it is
available in five different colors
it is an anchoring olingoba tele face
back is different colors
also facially so we had to
pink for our adductor videos we have
gray excites europe
so we are really birds can
really he really changed so
I would also like to point out that
web ratings at home we find 4 inches to
a flash in the back and he also
a 5 megapixel camera with
autofocus at the level of Spain but we
first has a touch screen well
largest with a theme that can think
to that of ps vita
some musical works like
this one we have several pages on
bluetooth is integrated it's true
taste more power back and he is
also available in various colors
black purple pink blue green off-center game
so if we also count the
bluetooth is to say that you can
share a bluetooth cabinet with n
does not matter what other smartphone to
new heating needs
there was no novelty finally going
finish with the price of these devices
is the iphone 5 is available at
joker in september 21 in France it will be
available is single and same price as
for iphone 4s so the open would do this
is no longer a data we took it
in this regard vote is still a
other novelty of the pin-up is
itunes caribbean
its new version itunes cause one gets
found again very soon for the test of
ctv version itunes and unpacking
everything presents his new product 7
October to the next